
lab1(part b) i2c sensor interface
Harry Li
Mar 21 at 11:55am
No unread replies. No replies.

In this part of the lab, you will need to design and implement i2c based LSM303 sensor interface, in particular: 

1. design and implement i2c lsm303 sensor interface hardware circuit on the wire wrapping board (not on bread board) to interface to ARMSVR or JETSVR;

2. write c program to communicate to i2c sensor to be able to display the sensor output data on the laptop computer console linked via usb-2-serial cable as rs232 protocol to ARMSVR or JETSVR.

3. Note the sensor output is in 2's complement format, be sure to convert it back to normal decimal number.

4. write lab report with IEEE paper template, and be sure to include all the details to meet the following rubrics.

5. prepare demo board and lab report for the in-class individual demo.

 

Lab Rubrics
HL
Feb. 2017

1. General Guidelines
Use IEEE paper template to generate your report.
(1) One line title, factual and right-to-the-point, avoid marketing terms.
(2) Abstract (50-100 words) with design objectives, technical challenges,
methodology, hardware and software resources description, deliverables,
and the implementation result.
(3) Strickly follow the IEEE paper style, no modification of spacing, fonts,
section enumeration etc. be sure to provide Appendix section with source
code and schematics.

2. System and Hardware Level Design
(1) provide system block diagram to capture the entire desing/testing/prototyping
setup, for example, laptop computer with Ethernet/RS232 link to microprocessor
system.
(2) Block diagram for the micropocessor system with detailed pin connectivity
information, labels of each individual block of the system.
(3) Schematics of each basic building blocks and/or subsystems, and/or entire
system.
(4) Photos of the actual implementation of the entire system and/or subsystems.

3. Software Gesign
(1) Description of the softweare development environment and its set up
procedure, such as Eclips based IDE (integrated development environment) set
up.
(2) Algorithm description in a well-organized, step-by-step fashion, for example
steps from 1 through 5.
(3) Flow chart(s) to give further details of the algorithm, if needed, multiple
flow charts can be utilized.
(4) Pseudo code to match up the flow charts. Due to the nature of the hardware
and software co-design, algorithmic type Pseudo code is usually too
abstract, details down to the level of registers and bits patterns of registers
are needed.
(5) Source code (segment of code) to support the Pseudo Code.

4. Testing and Verification
Report will have a Testing and Verification section, which will cover
(1) Hardware testing: photos of the waveforms from oscilloscope and/or logic analyzer.
data from the system testing result, and/or SPICE simulation capture if needed.
(2) Software testing: Screen capture of the execution result, data from program
execution.

5. Reference section with detailed technical reference and datasheet, etc.

(End)
Points
10
